Return-Path: <linux-wireless-owner@vger.kernel.org>
X-Original-To: lists+linux-wireless@lfdr.de
Delivered-To: lists+linux-wireless@lfdr.de
Received: from vger.kernel.org (vger.kernel.org [23.128.96.18])
	by mail.lfdr.de (Postfix) with ESMTP id 279C8440801
	for <lists+linux-wireless@lfdr.de>; Sat, 30 Oct 2021 10:34:31 +0200 (CEST)
Received: (majordomo@vger.kernel.org) by vger.kernel.org via listexpand
        id S230394AbhJ3Ig5 (ORCPT <rfc822;lists+linux-wireless@lfdr.de>);
        Sat, 30 Oct 2021 04:36:57 -0400
Received: from mga12.intel.com ([192.55.52.136]:15371 "EHLO mga12.intel.com"
        rhost-flags-OK-OK-OK-OK) by vger.kernel.org with ESMTP
        id S229546AbhJ3Ig5 (ORCPT <rfc822;linux-wireless@vger.kernel.org>);
        Sat, 30 Oct 2021 04:36:57 -0400
X-IronPort-AV: E=McAfee;i="6200,9189,10152"; a="210858703"
X-IronPort-AV: E=Sophos;i="5.87,194,1631602800"; 
   d="scan'208";a="210858703"
Received: from orsmga003.jf.intel.com ([10.7.209.27])
  by fmsmga106.fm.intel.com with ESMTP/TLS/ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384; 30 Oct 2021 01:34:27 -0700
X-ExtLoop1: 1
X-IronPort-AV: E=Sophos;i="5.87,194,1631602800"; 
   d="scan'208";a="448753165"
Received: from lkp-server02.sh.intel.com (HELO c20d8bc80006) ([10.239.97.151])
  by orsmga003.jf.intel.com with ESMTP; 30 Oct 2021 01:34:25 -0700
Received: from kbuild by c20d8bc80006 with local (Exim 4.92)
        (envelope-from <lkp@intel.com>)
        id 1mgjom-0001CS-W9; Sat, 30 Oct 2021 08:34:24 +0000
Date:   Sat, 30 Oct 2021 16:33:52 +0800
From:   kernel test robot <lkp@intel.com>
To:     Kalle Valo <kvalo@codeaurora.org>
Cc:     linux-wireless@vger.kernel.org
Subject: [kvalo-wireless-drivers-next:master] BUILD SUCCESS
 2619f904b25cd056fba9b4694c57647d6782b1af
Message-ID: <617d0370.SM2OljqoP4bWXvNA%lkp@intel.com>
User-Agent: Heirloom mailx 12.5 6/20/10
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Precedence: bulk
List-ID: <linux-wireless.vger.kernel.org>
X-Mailing-List: linux-wireless@vger.kernel.org

tree/branch: https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/kvalo/wireless-drivers-next.git master
branch HEAD: 2619f904b25cd056fba9b4694c57647d6782b1af  Merge tag 'iwlwifi-next-for-kalle-2021-10-28' of git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/iwlwifi/iwlwifi-next

elapsed time: 2528m

configs tested: 168
configs skipped: 3

The following configs have been built successfully.
More configs may be tested in the coming days.

gcc tested configs:
arm                                 defconfig
arm64                            allyesconfig
arm64                               defconfig
arm                              allyesconfig
arm                              allmodconfig
i386                 randconfig-c001-20211028
powerpc              randconfig-c003-20211028
s390                       zfcpdump_defconfig
powerpc                 mpc8272_ads_defconfig
arc                              alldefconfig
sh                            shmin_defconfig
powerpc                 canyonlands_defconfig
mips                        vocore2_defconfig
arm                            lart_defconfig
arc                 nsimosci_hs_smp_defconfig
mips                      loongson3_defconfig
arm                            mps2_defconfig
mips                   sb1250_swarm_defconfig
powerpc                 mpc832x_rdb_defconfig
mips                      malta_kvm_defconfig
m68k                        mvme16x_defconfig
sh                             shx3_defconfig
sh                  sh7785lcr_32bit_defconfig
arm                       omap2plus_defconfig
powerpc                     redwood_defconfig
m68k                          atari_defconfig
mips                        jmr3927_defconfig
um                           x86_64_defconfig
mips                      fuloong2e_defconfig
arm                           h3600_defconfig
arm                         s5pv210_defconfig
s390                             alldefconfig
sh                 kfr2r09-romimage_defconfig
sh                         apsh4a3a_defconfig
powerpc                mpc7448_hpc2_defconfig
h8300                            alldefconfig
sh                          lboxre2_defconfig
powerpc                      pasemi_defconfig
arc                     haps_hs_smp_defconfig
riscv                            alldefconfig
arm                           sama7_defconfig
powerpc                 mpc836x_rdk_defconfig
m68k                            mac_defconfig
um                               alldefconfig
arm                             pxa_defconfig
sh                          polaris_defconfig
mips                          rm200_defconfig
mips                malta_qemu_32r6_defconfig
m68k                        mvme147_defconfig
powerpc                     rainier_defconfig
arm                             rpc_defconfig
powerpc                      ppc6xx_defconfig
arm                              alldefconfig
arm                         shannon_defconfig
nios2                         10m50_defconfig
arm64                            alldefconfig
powerpc                        warp_defconfig
mips                          ath25_defconfig
powerpc                 xes_mpc85xx_defconfig
arm                        mvebu_v5_defconfig
arm                   milbeaut_m10v_defconfig
arm                  randconfig-c002-20211028
arm                  randconfig-c002-20211029
ia64                             allmodconfig
ia64                                defconfig
ia64                             allyesconfig
m68k                                defconfig
m68k                             allmodconfig
m68k                             allyesconfig
nios2                               defconfig
nds32                             allnoconfig
nds32                               defconfig
csky                                defconfig
alpha                               defconfig
alpha                            allyesconfig
nios2                            allyesconfig
h8300                            allyesconfig
arc                                 defconfig
sh                               allmodconfig
xtensa                           allyesconfig
s390                             allyesconfig
s390                             allmodconfig
parisc                              defconfig
s390                                defconfig
parisc                           allyesconfig
sparc                            allyesconfig
sparc                               defconfig
i386                                defconfig
i386                              debian-10.3
i386                             allyesconfig
arc                              allyesconfig
mips                             allyesconfig
mips                             allmodconfig
powerpc                          allyesconfig
powerpc                          allmodconfig
powerpc                           allnoconfig
x86_64               randconfig-a002-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a004-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a005-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a001-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a006-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a003-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a004-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a003-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a002-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a006-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a001-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a005-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a015-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-a013-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-a011-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-a014-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-a012-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-a016-20211029
i386                 randconfig-a012-20211029
i386                 randconfig-a013-20211029
i386                 randconfig-a011-20211029
i386                 randconfig-a015-20211029
i386                 randconfig-a016-20211029
i386                 randconfig-a014-20211029
riscv                    nommu_k210_defconfig
riscv                    nommu_virt_defconfig
riscv                             allnoconfig
riscv                               defconfig
riscv                          rv32_defconfig
riscv                            allyesconfig
riscv                            allmodconfig
x86_64                    rhel-8.3-kselftests
um                             i386_defconfig
x86_64                           allyesconfig
x86_64                              defconfig
x86_64                               rhel-8.3
x86_64                          rhel-8.3-func
x86_64                                  kexec

clang tested configs:
arm                  randconfig-c002-20211028
powerpc              randconfig-c003-20211028
riscv                randconfig-c006-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-c007-20211028
mips                 randconfig-c004-20211028
s390                 randconfig-c005-20211028
i386                 randconfig-c001-20211028
arm                  randconfig-c002-20211029
powerpc              randconfig-c003-20211029
riscv                randconfig-c006-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-c007-20211029
mips                 randconfig-c004-20211029
s390                 randconfig-c005-20211029
i386                 randconfig-c001-20211029
x86_64               randconfig-a005-20211030
x86_64               randconfig-a004-20211030
x86_64               randconfig-a002-20211030
x86_64               randconfig-a003-20211030
x86_64               randconfig-a001-20211030
x86_64               randconfig-a006-20211030
x86_64               randconfig-a015-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a013-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a011-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a014-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a012-20211028
x86_64               randconfig-a016-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a012-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a013-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a011-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a015-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a016-20211028
i386                 randconfig-a014-20211028
hexagon              randconfig-r045-20211028
riscv                randconfig-r042-20211028
s390                 randconfig-r044-20211028
hexagon              randconfig-r041-20211028
hexagon              randconfig-r045-20211029
hexagon              randconfig-r041-20211029

---
0-DAY CI Kernel Test Service, Intel Corporation
https://lists.01.org/hyperkitty/list/kbuild-all@lists.01.org
